feat(general): add OpenAI integration (#4782)
bridgecrewio/checkov: docs/4.Integrations/OpenAI.md

---
layout: default
published: true
title: OpenAI
nav_order: 20
---

# OpenAI

It is possible to use OpenAI ChatGPT functionality to enhance checkov's findings by setting the flag `--openai-api-key`.

ex.
```shell
checkov -d . --openai-api-key sk-...

       _               _              
   ___| |__   ___  ___| | _______   __
  / __| '_ \ / _ \/ __| |/ / _ \ \ / /
 | (__| | | |  __/ (__|   < (_) \ V / 
  \___|_| |_|\___|\___|_|\_\___/ \_/  
                                      
By bridgecrew.io | version: 2.3.128

> WARNING: About to request 5 enhanced guidelines within the next 10s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: About to request 5 enhanced guidelines and it may take up to 10s.
```

> Found in total 10 failed checks. To add enhanced guidelines to all of them,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Found 100 failed checks and will provide enhanced guidelines for 20. To add enhanced guidelines for more findings,
```

please adjust the env var 'CKV_OPENAI_MAX_FINDINGS' accordingly or set 0 to enhance all.

terraform scan results:
Check: CKV_AWS_211: "Ensure RDS uses a modern CaCert"
	PASSED for resource: aws_db_instance.pass
	Severity: LOW
	File: /main.tf:25-38
	Guide: https://docs.bridgecrew.io/docs/ensure-aws-rds-uses-a-modern-cacert
Check: CKV_AWS_16: "Ensure all data stored in the RDS is securely encrypted at rest"
	FAILED for resource: aws_db_instance.pass
	Severity: MEDIUM

> 	Details: The following text is AI generated therefore treat with caution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Details: The following text is AI generated and should be treated as a suggestion.
```
